Availability blocks add parameters (#261)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/services.md

        {
            "ServiceId": "bd26d8db-86da-4f96-9efc-e5a4654a4a94",
            "RateId": "ed4b660b-19d0-434b-9360-a4de2ea42eda",
            "Name": "Mr. Smith's block"

>             "VoucherCode": null,

Reviewer: `VoucherCode` next to `RateId`

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `ServiceId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Service](#service) to assign block to. |
| `RateId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the [Rate](#rate) to assign block to. |
| `Name` | string | optional | The name of the block. |

> | `VoucherCode` | string | optional | Information about voucher code used by customer. |

Reviewer: Mantion that used/valid only for private rates?

| `StartUtc` | string | required | Start of the interval in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `EndUtc` | string | required | End of the interval in UTC timezone in ISO 8601 format. |
| `ReleasedUtc` | string | required | The moment when the block and its availability is released. |
| `ExternalIdentifier` | string | optional, max 255 characters | Identifier of the block from external system. |
| `Budget` | [Currency value](finance.md#currency-value) | optional | The tentative budget for the total price of reservations. |

> | `ReservationPurpose` | string | optional | The reason of the block. |

Reviewer: I guess everyone knows what this is. Also it's an enum. 
```suggestion
| `ReservationPurpose` | string | optional | The purpose of the availability block. |
```

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `AvailabilityBlocks` | array of [Availability block](#availability-block) | required | Availability blocks. |

> ### Reservation purpose

Reviewer 2: nitpick: Shouldn't this be somewhere closer to reservation? Like origin and other enums... in the end, this will be field on reservation as well, no?
